README.md, before:

# Generate Reademe File [MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)

## Description

- There needs to be a way to easily create README files.
- To create a faster and easier way to build README files.
- Never again will you spend hours building/writing readme files and then find out it's not professional.
- Nodejs is an easy way and flexible way to write files.

## Table of Contents
    
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contribute](#How to Contribute)
- [License](#license)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Questions?](#questions?)

## Installation

Run using NODEJS.

## Usage

NA

## Credits

No Collaborators

## How to Contribute
    
Contact me for more details. This is a solo project

## Licensing

[MIT License](https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt)

    Permissions
        - Commercial use
        - Distribution
        - Modification
        - Private use

    Conditions
        - License and copyright notice

    Limitations
        - Liability
        - Warranty

## Testing
    
    No user tests were written for this project.

## Questions?

Github: (https://github.com/Mike-C-Sanders)
Email: mike@mikecsanders.com

Commit message:

Added gif to readme file. Updated readme with more content anddescritpion for ease of use.

README.md, after:

# Generate Reademe File ![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen)



## Description

A Nodejs and Inquirer application, which generates a customized and professional README file.
A user is provided a set of questions via the command line. After all questions have been answered then the new readme file is created.

- There needs to be a way to easily create README files.
- To create a faster and easier way to build README files.
- Never again will you spend hours building/writing readme files and then find out it's not professional.
- Nodejs is an easy way and flexible way to write files.

## Table of Contents
    
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribute](#Contribute)
- [License](#license)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Questions?](#questions?)
- [Resources](#resources)

## Installation

Be sure to download Nodejs. You can find details on downloading and using Node in the resource section below.

## Usage

See the GIF below for an example walk through.
![GIF](./GIF/example.gif)

## Contribute

Contact me for more details. This is a solo project for a UWBoot Camp homework assignment.

## Licensing

[MIT License](https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt)

    Permissions
        - Commercial use
        - Distribution
        - Modification
        - Private use

    Conditions
        - License and copyright notice

    Limitations
        - Liability
        - Warranty

## Testing
    
    No user tests were written for this project.

## Questions?

Github: (https://github.com/Mike-C-Sanders)
Email: mike@mikecsanders.com

## Resources

1. [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/)
2. [Inquirer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer)
